---
layout: post
title: Coffee
---

To some weird groups of people, Coffee is a very serious topic. It definitely is to me. Coffee is that magical black water that gives me the strength, confidence and sanity to face my "friends" and co-workers.

I wouldn't say that I am an serious coffee drinker - I certainly cannot tell between coffee beans from different regions. But I've had just enough coffee to know what I like. 

In Singapore the typical coffee at your neighbourhood coffee shop (the one with aunties/uncles wearing a fanny pack for fuction, not the one where the staff wears it as a statement) made using robusta which is cheaper, taste more burnt, needs just a little bit of sugar (siu dai) to swallow. I do enjoy those for the kick, the familiar taste which makes you feel like you're home.

Once I started arabica coffee from various hipster coffee shops I realised a whole new world of coffee, but _slowly_ realised I was paying too much for it. 

After researching various methods of homebrew coffee, I concluded that Areopress strikes the optimum balance between freshness, efficiency and cost.

### Why Aeropress
There are many factors  why people make coffee the way they do

- Single Serving
- less than 5mins
- FRESH compared to 3/2 in 1 coffee
- great beans do not need sugar
- Easy set up, easy clean up
- where i get my beans



### Type of beans


Medium: <a href="https://medium.com/grab/does-southeast-asia-run-on-coffee-ea98ca27196b" target="_blank">Does Southeast Asia Run On Coffee?</a>

